I'm currently in front of one of the
bakeries that is finally operating and
facilitating and selling bread for the
Palestinians in after 50 days of halting
its services the world food program
provided this Bakery with all of the
ingredients and the fuel needed to serve
and to sell bread for these Palestinians
for more than 50 days Palestinians have
been making their own bread using fire
and using their own hands it has been
very tiring for all of these displaced
people as you see people are incused
waiting their
turn but in it was a very deadly night
where the explosions did not stop the
artillery shelling did not stop and in
the morning we saw that the Israeli
tanks have been stationed near the
entrance of al- magazi refugee camp
where people have been evacuating since
the past couple of days after the
Israeli forces asked them and warmed
them to evacuate the arter shelling
literally did not stop as hope of a new
bakery is operating people still fear an
Israeli invasion in the middle area of
the Gaza Strip this is this is hind for
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer